readme.md, before:

# The Permission Viewer Plugin

Extends your Atlassian Stash instance to display project and repository permissions to anyone with view access.

The plugin shows two tabs:

* A project permission tab that displays project admin, write and read permissions
* A repository permission tab which repository admin, write and read permissions as well as permissions inherited from the project level.

Groups with permissions are expanded out to show group name and user membership.

Once the plugin is installed an "View Permissions" tab will display in the project and repository tab panels.

Note: You must first install the Atlassian Plugin SDK - Instructions at https://developer.atlassian.com/stash/docs/latest/how-tos/creating-a-stash-plugin.html

Atlassian Plugin SDK Command Reference: https://developer.atlassian.com/display/DOCS/Command+Reference

'atlas-run' will run the plugin within Stash
'atlas-debug' will run the plugin within Stash with a remote debug port
'atlas-package' will create the deployment jar to distribute

Commit message:

Updated with links to the plugin in the Atlassian Marketplace and install instructions.

readme.md, after:

# The Permission Viewer Plugin

Extends your Atlassian Stash instance to display project and repository permissions to anyone with view access.

The plugin shows two tabs:

* A project permission tab that displays project admin, write and read permissions
* A repository permission tab which repository admin, write and read permissions as well as permissions inherited from the project level.

Groups with permissions are expanded out to show group name and user membership.

## Installing the Plugin

[Download](https://marketplace.atlassian.com/plugins/com.orbitz.stash.plugins.permission-viewer-plugin "Permission Viewer Plugin") the plugin from the Atlassian Marketplace.

The plugin can be installed via UPM by navigating to Administration > Plugins & Apps > Plugins. Go to "Install" tab and use "Upload Plugin" option to upload the plugin if it cannot be found on Atlassian Marketplace. Or use the install option if the plugin is found on Marketplace.
Once the plugin is installed an "View Permissions" tab will display in the project and repository tab panels.


## Modifying the plugin

Install the [Atlassian Plugin SDK](https://developer.atlassian.com/stash/docs/latest/how-tos/creating-a-stash-plugin.html "Creating a Stash Plugin")

`atlas-run` will run the plugin within Stash

`atlas-debug` will run the plugin within Stash with a remote debug port

`atlas-package` will create the deployment jar to distribute
